The Sioux mod - there are tipis and Buffalo
resources - get ready to re-write history
Salt plains - a ooo ooo!
I know, I know, I know, how can you lose?
This area is perfect for living-in - bring
in more Citizens
Southern jungles are dark and foreboding
Eastern sand dunes are enticing
Suddenly M-town
And Rome is below - why must Rome be below
Roman cities appear with each turn
Chances are Augustus will attack
Hello religion!
Bulk up to Hulk up
And Settle away from the coast to defend from
Roman boats of terror
I’m just trying to get some land before
Rome takes it all!
You don’t understand
We need Yankton - and they need food
The Roman empire exists within the Sioux’s
Machu Picchu makes everything better
And this guy has ideas for a Church of Happiness
The herd is moving!
Spread the population
That Engineer gets his time to shine
Glad to be not at war with the Purple People
The mountains keep us safe!
The ocean is dangerous and scary
These Missionaries are for the other guy’s
religion
It took 30 turns to get the Grand Temple started
Marble’s now available to be quarried
Anything to make ‘em smile
Rome, everywhere
And a Strong Heart in one turn - he’ll be
put through a lot
His first task: disconnect the Roman empire
City-Connections are for the Sioux only
The Stock Exchange is almost done - likelihood
of war increases
Trade while we can!
Erect a tower of Science
Gotta dig for our lives
And write about the good ol’ days
Two writers are better than one
Pretty sure that Isaacs guy will die of Malaria
in 1895 - very sad
By then there’ll be more votes
I don’t want your support, dude
Opera Houses for that Hermitage thing
Keep a Great General on the back-burner
Adopt Order
Go for the Castle of Mad Happiness
See how mad he is?
Augustus is like “I’ll give you Open Borders”
so I say ok
Ethiopia is like Embargo Rome - so I say ok
ok ok ok ok
The Kremlin can be sped-up with a Great Engineer
If only there could be Kremlins 2: The New
Batch
Thinkin’ about finishing Rationalism
And an Eiffel Tower - it’s good to not be
fighting Rome
Everywhere you look is Rome
I have to say no to him
We say yes to Science
And Hotels - nothing bad happens at hotels
Yay - a thriving empire during a Golden Age
Nothing can go wrong when you build up, not
out
But - there was thriving
Dear Augustus: please go to war with Ethiopia
Divert resources to warfare
The wild west won’t be won just yet - well,
maybe by Rome
He has bigger problems
We’ll have big ballistics
Supplant the host!
Borrow some Uranium - knew that Great General
would be useful
Now all we gotta do is not be overthrown by
the Romans
They - have a navy
We have a lighthouse
And a Hubble due to faith
It’s the 70’s and they don’t know we
have The Bomb yet
Be very afraid!
Even Rome
What do they have to be scared of?
360 degrees of Rome
The Internet plus a National Visitor Center
means Tourism goes up
International Space Station is attempted
Not even half the hammers Rome put in
Luckily he fears The Bomb
And our majestic Castles
Can’t attack a Castle!
What on Earth is going on down there?
Seems to be a tad radioactive
Fallout for all!
The thing is - peace isn’t forever
We need to focus on fighting Ethiopia
So sell Rome a city
Ethiopia’s navy is rendered useless
And he knows we have nukes
And Giant Death Robots
So ya - time to just march into Ethiopia
Claim it in the name of our forefathers
It’s not a scary place at all
It’s got Whales - they’ve seen better
days though
The war doesn’t stop
And XCOMs put up a fight
But no cities are taken
Rome wears our jeans - must be under the robe
Ethiopia will be too, in just over 1700 turns
Speed that up with more XCOMs
Whatever the fox says can’t be said anymore
Oy!
Rome went to space
Hola Esteban - do the concert thing
It’d be great if Ethiopia was weak
They have Culture-creation that defends against
Tourists
But things are calm!
Making money to fund the effort - then more
war
Everything gets violent
Giant Death Robots cause a bit of death
Not enough though
Rome seems to have the right amount of men
Feel good about intimidation
How do I… deal with attacking Rome, or being
attacked?
I’d like to live to see Influential numbers
- too much to ask?
Seems the screenshot occurred at the wrong
time, we’ll say it was Cher
Roman workers head to what used to be Ethiopia
to clean things up
Like ants
But ants are actually organized
Rome is very - haphazard
Carthage has Big Ben!
2078 AD
Someone tripped and fell on the launch button
Purple looks best with orange
XCOMs can land and ruin the tiles
The improvements don’t stand a chance
Ahhhh retaliation!
Goodbye Polder - it’s been nice
This is definitely not paradise
Be unreasonably reasonable and distribute
fear equally
Someone’s been selling cities to Carthage
A sneaky tactic but prevents Rome from taking
EVERYTHING
Ignore the red arrow of destruction and check
out those deer!
I hope they don’t develop super powers
Too late - they have, and from three separate
universes, no less
This red arrow of destruction is trouble for
anything nearby
Kabloowy
Goodbye Sioux - it’s been nice!
Every “Next Turn” is tense
And the game kept on playing…
Game Over
I hope Enzo and Bob find a way out.